or the dose
ah ah ah ah
level
today I come to talk about a book of
what I've been doing for a long time is
one of the next incredible that I've
read in my life I do not know if this kind of
Literature like all of you
although I think so because the
youth literature is talking about the
number of the Mexican writer and she
talking about love me five minutes of
anahí lópez and well good of what
is a 15 year old girl who in a
moment is seen in the forced necessity of
go through many first times very
followed
they are first times that not simply
they cover her physically and mentally but
that his friends to his family to his
brother and everything all around
then the movement she has to
learn to face them and learn to
live with it and make those
first times they remain as experiences
good but they come to affect in
some point your future
Elena is a real girl that
I love how you face all these
first times because although they are
very bad she is like ok if they are
happening a lot of bad things I do not know what
you do I'm about to explode but not
they moved these bad things well because
I know that after this something will come
good as a reward and that's what a
she has it good where it is to me
love that position that makes one of
in front of all these things that are not
so good and also before things
good amazing attitudes is a book
that I read about 4 or 5
years when and sell themselves high school
I loved the truth is that I loved it
much the cover the title that is me
charm
and I read it and really only from the
first books that from the moment in
that I started reading completely caught me
and you can not light me until
unfortunately I had to wait
a lot of time to be able to finish
read the trilogy because the last book
which is called 'love me well'
it was published to make braking
one year last year I think it was
in October and it was a tremendous thing
download is a very credible story is
a story full of friendship of love of
values ​​of incredible things of things
beautiful of sad things of things
strong of everything or is it a story
that has everything we will learn to
grow with the protagonist because
the protagonist during the 33's
let's see grow and therefore
mature and that's what we're going to see
from the first book as she goes
creating the little steps for
mature and to realize that
she can also want and that too
she can be loved and that also
at some point you will fulfill all your
dreams
all that simply depends on it
it's a book that I highly recommend
I love myself personally
love it because as I say it is a
very realistic story is a story
very credible is a very story
everyday are really many
characters and well they are many
characters I must say but each one
It has an incredible and different character
that I really read this book
living more cordoba of my partner
the secondary and really then like that
you can not remember one like no one
character this book I do not know in what world
you lived because it really is a story
very perform the writing of the
author is amazing because he is young in
the whole extension of the word
It is a very short book or it has
approximately 250 pages
what can i tell you it's amazing i don't
me completely to me the trilogy if I already
you read it, leave me the comments
and if you have not wanted it, it's because every time
i
they have five minutes they want to visit
dare and want to live and really what
I would highly recommend to me
completely enchanted that the space
nothing
down on social networks on facebook
and instagram
and also make the facebook page
of the electoral group that deals with
boost for a long time and it has
been spreading by
Y
a month with many separators
but on that page be updating
so that it will give them because
true
I do not know what to do with so many
good thanks for watching you like it
if not
as well
the one above shares and thanks
but each one seriously benzin you started
to cut right now
why